[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
FALSE START
Tell me what the good news is,
I can't wait!
We're waiting for you here.
I don't know what those kids are hiding,
but I intend to find out.
Me and my friends... we do have a secret.
Your paranoia is beginning
to get on my nerves!
Sorry, Jim,
but I'm gonna have to let you go.
Look, Jim, if you help me,
-I'll tell the principal everything.
-[Jim] Shake on it.
I'm ready for the big jump, Jeremy.
Okay, Aelita, I'm launching the program
for your materialization.
Code Earth!
[everyone] Oh!
[bell rings]
[Gilles] Come on, let's go!
[Jeremy] Relax, Aelita.
It's just history class.
I'd feel a lot better
if it were a class in computers.
-I don't know anything about history.
-You're here to learn.
If it were a computer class,
you could be the teacher.
[Gilles] Take your seats so we can begin.
[hums]
[grunts]
[Sissi] Just who does that new girl
think she is?
All she cares about
is having boys around her.
[Nicolas]
Actually, I think she looks worried.
Obviously, Nicolas, you don't know
the first thing about girls! Ha!
Acting frail and helpless
will work every time.
Boys love that.
It's the best way to attract them.
[Nicolas grunts]
We have a new student in our class.
I'll let her introduce herself.
[Sissi hums]
[stammering] My...
I...
Aelita's her name. And she's my cousin.
She's very shy.
[Gilles] Well, Aelita,
let me welcome you to Kadic Junior High.
We all hope that you're going
to like it here very much.
[theme music]
[soft music]
Y'see, everything's cool.
There was no reason to worry.
[hums] I guess not.
And besides I really like history.
But you fight a lot here.
There are wars all the time.
[hums]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
[Yumi]
Hey guys, how's our new earthling doing?
Oh, I'm fine. I'm trying to adapt
to so many new sensations.
Like the air that you breathe here,
all the colors and the smells...
but I'm fine.
It's about time we deactivated
the super computer, don't you think?
I wouldn't wait for XANA
to send us an invitation.
And who feels like going back to Lyoko,
now that Aelita's here with us?
You'll think this is silly,
but it scares me a little.
Lyoko, after all was my home.
I'm not really sure what
effect destroying it might have for me.
-[tense music]
-[Yumi and Odd hum]
[Jeremy]
There's nothing to worry about. I'm sure.
Come on!
[theme music]
[snores]
[everyone grunts]
-[Ulrich] Hi, Jim!
-[Jim gasps]
[Ulrich] Did you have a good sleep?
[gasping] Oh, yeah, great! And I really
appreciate everything you've done for me.
But I was getting a little bored,
I have to admit.
[Odd] How'd you like to watch us
deactivate XANA?
[thinking] Ah, I wouldn't miss that
for the world!
You haven't forgotten
your promise, Jeremy?
No, I haven't Jim.
As soon as XANA's deactivated,
I'll tell everything to the principal,
and you'll get your job back.
That's great.
I can't wait 'til all this is settled.
I honestly never imagined
that I would miss being
your P.E. teacher so much!
Eh, from now on, call me "Jimbo."
Thanks, so are you ready to go, Jimbo?
[Jeremy] Here we are!
[tense music]
[digital beeping]
-[Aelita] Oh!
-Are you okay, Aelita?
[Jeremy] If you wanna wait
a day or two...
[sighs]
No, the sooner the better.
Okay. I think you should have the honor.
-[Aelita] No...
-[Ulrich hums]
[Aelita] I'd rather you did it.
Sure, Aelita.
[tense music]
[groans]
[Jeremy] XANA, you gave us a lot of grief,
but thanks to you, we met Aelita.
And good-by, and good riddance.
[powering down]
[groans]
-[Aelita groans]
-[Jim hums]
-[groans]
-[Yumi] Aelita!
Put the power back on!
Aelita's not well! Hurry up!
[powering up]
[Jeremy] What's wrong with her?
[Odd] Let's hope XANA
doesn't rear his ugly head!
[soft piano music]
[Aelita moans]
Her pulse seems back to normal again.
Ah!
I don't know... what happened, I...
You fainted, Aelita.
It's a little bit like sleeping.
A really deep sleep.
Oh, I like the way it felt!
[Jim] Maybe you did.
But you passed out, and that's not normal.
[Jeremy] I modified
the scanner's program while you slept.
-Do you mind if I examine you?
-[Aelita] No.
[smirks]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Launching program!
-Data recovery.
-[digital whirring]
[grunts] Don't tell me
you really understand all this?
-It's not very complicated.
-[hums]
[Jeremy] We're ready
to begin the analysis.
That's fine, Aelita.
You can come back, now.
Okay. Let's try to see
what the trouble is.
[beeping]
[Jeremy sighs]
That's just what I was afraid of.
It looks like XANA
infected me with a virus.
[hums]
-[Jeremy] That's right.
-Huh?
He must have done it during the transfer.
[Jim hums]
There was a sudden drop in the voltage
for a very short time.
[Aelita] I remember that because I had
a strange feeling at that moment.
For a few seconds, I felt XANA's presence
as if he was trying to hold me back.
And that's probably the reason
why you fainted a while ago.
XANA implanted a virus inside you
because he wanted you
to be linked to him,
and if we kill XANA...
-Then I get destroyed as well.
-[moans]
[moans]
Ah... is there anything we can do?
Yeah, try to find an anti-virus.
But it could take a long time.
I'm starting up an analysis program.
The computer will work autonomously on it
until tomorrow morning.
I'll take you back to Yumi's.
It's kinda late.
[nods]
[smirks]
[theme music]
-What a strange sensation!
-You shivered, that's all.
It's a reaction you get on
account of the cold.
I like the feeling of being
a little chilly.
The sounds and the smells
are all different at night.
[Jeremy] Yeah, it's quiet and peaceful.
And the plants breathe differently.
[Jeremy hums]
Here... smell this!
[sniffs and hums]
[Aelita] It's wonderful to be alive!
And it's thanks to you that I'm here.
Well, I... I... Didn't do it alone.
-[Aelita smiles]
-[Jeremy] Oh!
What's that? A scanner?
No, not exactly. Follow me.
[both laugh]
-[Aelita laughs]
-[camera flash]
[both laugh]
[Jeremy laughs loudly]
Well, your castle awaits you princess.
Thanks for walking me back.
In spite of the virus, I still had
the most wonderful night of my life!
Good night.
[moans nervously]
[hums]
[Aelita] See you tomorrow.
[inhales and exhales]
Aelita's... wow!
[whistles]
[theme music]
[Ulrich] Do you have any idea
how to get rid of this miserable virus?
[Jeremy] No, not yet!
I hope the calculations my computer made
will help me.
-Here come the girls.
-[Ulrich hums]
[Ulrich]
How was your first night on earth?
-Sleeping is really wonderful.
-[bell rings]
She would've slept all day
if I hadn't shaken her a little!
[laughs]
[Odd] You're just like me, Aelita.
And you'll see,
sleeping in class isn't too bad either.
[heartbeat noise]
[snores]
[Jim surprised] What's going on?
[theme music]
[math professor] Who can give us the
definition of a pair of prime numbers?
Hmm? Sissi?
[stammers] Well... a... a...
a pair of prime numbers is...
[stammering]
two numbers that are the same.
[everyone laughs]
Thank you, Sissi.
Well... can one of you
give us a less harebrained answer?
Aelita?
A pair of prime numbers occurs
when their highest common denominator
is one...
Very good, although...
[Aelita] In a principal ring,
it's equivalent to the fact
that their direct sum is equal to one.
But of course, with a non-principal
factorial ring, that is not the case.
-[grunts]
-[trombone music]
That is... according
to the theory of Bézout, you see.
-[math professor wonders]
-[student screams]
Calm down children.
[student screams]
[students grunt]
[Ulrich] Get back!
Take cover!
[students scream]
XANA's changed tactics.
He sent one of his monsters to earth
for the first time.
-How did he manage that?
-[Odd] Who cares?
The problem is... how do you suggest
getting rid of him?
[Ulrich] Like we always do. We fight them.
You three head for Lyoko
and deactivate the tower.
Yumi and I will stay here
and defend the home front.
Oh, no! That's crazy, Ulrich!
[Ulrich] You know very well
that if there's a victim,
that going back in time
won't bring him back to life.
Yumi... Yes, we already know.
We've gotta find weapons.
Okay, I'll meet you
outside of the math class.
[mobile turns off]
Well, let's go guys!
-[tense music]
-[student screams]
I'll handle him!
Get going!
[Ulrich] Let's see how good you are!
[pants]
[Ulrich pants]
Ah!
[groans]
[Odd] A few more seconds
and the coast will be clear!
[Aelita grunts]
[panting]
[pants and groans]
[groans]
What would you do without me?
-Oh! Hurry up!
-[groans]
[both pant]
[Ulrich] Come on!
[theme music]
[Aelita and Jeremy grunt]
[Odd] Wow, Jim gave them
a good run for their money.
Jim?
-That way.
-[Aelita grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
[tense music]
[Ulrich] It looks like they've got
their sights set on us.
[hums]
[grunts]
-[electric saw]
-Let's show 'em what we can do.
-[Ulrich] Hey, over here.
-[roachster groans]
[Ulrich] Yah!
[Jim grunts]
Yah! Miserable monster!
I'll make you think twice
before you leave your world again!
[Aelita] Oh no!
[Odd grunts] Hang on, Jim!
[pants]
[Jim groans]
[pants and grunts]
[grunts] I told you to call me "Jimbo,"
remember?
[Aelita] Jeremy,
you have to transfer me to Lyoko!
What?
Have you forgotten XANA's virus, Aelita?
What if XANA stops you
from deactivating the tower,
or from returning to Earth?
That's a risk we've got to take.
The priority is to stop XANA.
[Jim hums]
You know as well as I do
that we have no choice, Jeremy.
Think of all the other monsters
XANA could materialize.
[hums]
[Jeremy] Okay, get into the scanner.
I'll send you to Lyoko.
[Jim hums]
I'm deactivating the infected scanner.
Get ready, Odd.
[digital beeping]
[Jim] Nice going, kid.
[Jeremy] I've located the activated tower.
It's in the glacier region.
That's where I'm sending you.
By the way, where are Ulrich and Yumi?
At school, fighting monsters.
I'm off. I'll be a lot more useful there.
Here, it's like a Swiss army knife.
See ya later.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
Transfer Aelita.
Scanner Odd.
Scanner Aelita.
Virtualization.
-[Odd grunts]
-[Aelita grunts]
It's strange being virtualized.
Yeah, but you get used to it.
No air to breathe, no smells,
no warmth, nothing.
-I miss the real world already.
-Let's go, Aelita.
[both pant]
[roachster grunts]
[Yumi] Ulrich, we're never gonna make it.
[Jim] Banzai! Ya!
[laughs]
Take that, ya cockroach!
Ya! Got one!
Say your prayers!
-[Jim hums]
-[Ulrich groans]
There's something I've gotta admit, Jim.
This is the first time
I'm glad you caught us by surprise.
My friends call me Jim... bo! Got that?
[tense music]
[Jeremy] Squadron approaching
at nine o'clock:
three hornets.
Here they come now.
-[Odd] Watch out.
-[Aelita grunts]
[Jeremy] They're coming back!
[Aelita and Odd groan]
Head for the tower! I'll hold them off.
[Aelita grunts]
Oh!
[Jeremy]
You've got 40 life points left, Odd.
-[Ulrich] Jeremy?
-What is it, Ulrich?
Where are you? Odd and Aelita
really need your help.
[Ulrich] We haven't finished
the job here yet.
Odd's only got forty life points left.
If Aelita's left all alone,
she's headed for disaster!
[Ulrich] Okay, we'll hurry up.
[tense music]
You two had better hightail it to Lyoko.
I can handle these bugs on my own.
Am I right to say that the sooner
you deactivate the tower,
the safer the world's gonna be?
Is that it?
[both] Hmm Hmm.
Well then, what are you waiting for?
Go on now, and get the job done.
It takes a lot more than a few ugly
monsters to beat your friend, Jimbo.
[Odd groans]
Take that!
[groans]
[Jeremy] You're losing
too many life points, Odd!
[Yumi and Ulrich pant]
[screams] Yeah!
[Yumi] Yea!
-You gotta hang in there.
-[Yumi] Jeremy.
Yumi, it's about time.
[Jeremy] Odd's only got
20 life points left.
[Yumi] We're heading for the scanner.
Don't worry about Odd.
He can hold on a while.
Twenty points is enough for him.
[Odd] Laser arrow!
Come on, I'm waiting for you.
Oh, I don't believe it.
I'm out of arrows.
Bye-bye.
[Aelita grunts]
There it is.
[Jeremy] Watch out, Aelita!
Aelita!
[Aelita groans]
[Ulrich grunts]
[resonant voice]
[Jim] So, you still haven't had enough?
[laughs]
[students scream]
[Jim moans]
[Jim] Hey, you creeps, over here.
I'm ready! Come on!
[explosion]
[Jeremy] Aelita's taking cover in a cave,
back there.
[tense music]
[Aelita] Oh no!
[groans]
[Ulrich] Yeah!
You can do better than that.
[panting] Sorry.
[groans]
[grunts]
-That way!
-Aha!
[Ulrich pants]
[grunts]
[groans]
-[laser blast]
-[groans]
[groans]
[Jeremy] Now, Yumi!
Yah!
-[Ulrich] There, that's more like it.
-It's all in the wrist.
-I'm a great Frisbee player.
-[Aelita] That was close.
Come on, Aelita. You know we would
never let you go it alone.
Hey, we can't let the school
go it alone either.
[Ulrich] Right.
[Jim] Yeah, take that... and that!
-[students scream]
-[Jim grunts]
Don't just stand there, go on, run!
[students scream]
Leave those kids alone!
[grunts]
[pants]
[relieved]
[ethereal music]
[Jim] Come on you bedbugs,
give me all you've got!
-Go on! Is that all you've got?
-[digital beeping]
[moans]
What're you waiting for? C'mon.
You think I'm all washed up?
-[laughs]
-[digital beeping]
[grunts]
[groans]
Return to the past now.
[rewind sound]
[soft music]
[Jeremy] Aelita, we're restarting
the materialization program immediately.
We've gotta wipe out XANA
before he launches another attack.
Jeremy, it's impossible.
The virus is still in me. I can feel it.
[Jeremy] We've still gotta try it.
Maybe you can be treated here on Earth.
No Jeremy, you know that as well as I do.
As long as this virus is inside of me,
you can't destroy XANA
without destroying me at the same time.
[Yumi] We could materialize you
for an hour or two,
so you can pay us a little visit, huh?
[Aelita] Why not?
But the rest of the time, I'll have
to stay here on Lyoko to fight XANA,
until the day you find an anti-virus.
[Jeremy] Aelita,
I...
[hums]
[whimpers]
Jim! We forgot about him.
-[trombone music]
-So, you kids are at it again.
[Odd] No, Jim, we were studying.
[Jim] Studying, my eye!
I've had enough of your lies.
You're gonna stay right here
until you tell me everything.
Jim, what is going on here?
[Jim] You came by at the right time, sir.
I was just about to find out exactly
what the children were up to again.
[Mr. Delmas] Oh! Another one
of your absurd stories
about mysterious meetings
and secret passages, eh?
I've had about enough of this, Jim,
and I'm going to have to...
He's right, sir. We really were plotting.
We were! We were going to play
a little joke on Nicolas and Herb.
-[Mr. Delmas mutters]
-[Jim hums]
In fact, if Jim hadn't caught us,
we would've been late for school.
Well, I'll look the other way this time,
since you admitted what you'd done.
Now, off to class, children. Go on now.
Well, you made up
one heck of a story, kids.
Why did you get me off the hook?
Well, it's just that... you never know,
maybe one day, you'll do the same for us.
And we never get the time to thank you
for all you've done for us.
-So thanks a lot, Jimbo.
-Yeah, thanks.
-[hums] Oh!
-[loud kiss]
You're a hero,
and a fantastic P.E. teacher, Jimbo.
Oh, well...
you oughta tell the principal that.
Okay, now, go to class.
I'm a hero... Wow!
[laugh]
[theme music]
[everyone laughs]